What is it?
Our challenge has been released and this rival doesn't know its own limits. Overwhelming, unstoppable and inextinguishable are some of the few words that can explain the real rage uncaged in its breed.

How does this affect me?
Are you ready for this? Don't forget to be prepared!
You can get a copy of this being as soon as they just arrive.
Preorder now!

Seriously, I don't get it...
Somnia is a boardgame recently created with the purpose of riddle your logical thinking and calculation skills. All in a full rave of variables, elements, and situations. Something different from whatever you did before... probably.

Products page
Deck: Every game needs a playland. By now our game is using a classic board where easily you can adapt the rest of the game stuff in context.
Marbles: One of the most important elements to prepare before starting... is getting your marbles bag ready!
Colors and styles, all here.
Cards:  We are releasing the hottest card pack ever. Featuring shapes, colors, and numbers. All for multiple possible combinations in desk. Go for yours!

Information page
Who are us?
Zeeth is a company founded to develop the highest technology and to apply it for the best purpose.
We start the road improving a logic language in this practical game, where we make proof of the versatile utility of our systems and methodologies.
Nonetheless, how can a simple boardgame express all that we require and establish the whole founding of this business?
The real Somnia goal
Our game is a basic introduction of a constructed-logical language. Mathematical, computational and scientific applications are available and "marbles with cards" are just a metaphor. Playing and researching is the principle. And you can take part in this project.

Contact page
About the founder: Justin Salcedo is the CEO of Zeeth Incorporation and main producer behind Somnia project. He starts his creational journey building from his first great innovation: the Fl-Au logic language.
With just 3 years of experience in the tech business, has challenged the reaches of that abstract product in the Real World.
